README.md, before:

![Logo cowboy.js](im/cowboy.png "Logo cowboy.js")

cowboy.js
=========

JS components built on top of [Mootools](http://mootools.net/) to make [GestionAIR](http://www.gestionair.com/) (or your own web projects) faster and efficient to use.

## Components

- **LogBar** : displays a status bar in the bottom of the screen
- **Toggles** : toggles visibility of an element
- **Select Load Data** : auto loader data into a select element (usefull with an Ajax Transaction with data coming from database) 
- **Auto-completion** : auto-complete while you are writing in a select element (suggestions coming from Javascript or an AJAX transaction)
- **Slideshow** : customizable slideshow for pictures
- **Form Ajax** : handler for AJAX forms
- **Modal** : create a modal
- **Input File** : replace the default input file by a more custonizable and cross browser element
- **Input Length Counter** : A nice counter (maxlength) with some cool options to display the number of remaining chars of a field (input / textarea)

## How to install dev tools

- install Node.js (http://nodejs.org/)
- install grunt-cli globally: `npm i -g grunt-cli`
- install dev dependencies: `npm i`
- use `grunt` to check your code!

## License

cowboy.js is released under the [MIT License](COPYING).

Commit message:

New components
Drag and Drop (and crop) Image
YouTube API video player on MooTools

README.md, after:

![Logo cowboy.js](im/cowboy.png "Logo cowboy.js")

cowboy.js
=========

JS components built on top of [Mootools](http://mootools.net/) to make [GestionAIR](http://www.gestionair.com/) (or your own web projects) faster and efficient to use.

## Components

- **LogBar** : displays a status bar in the bottom of the screen
- **Toggles** : toggles visibility of an element
- **Select Load Data** : auto loader data into a select element (usefull with an Ajax Transaction with data coming from database) 
- **Auto-completion** : auto-complete while you are writing in a select element (suggestions coming from Javascript or an AJAX transaction)
- **Slideshow** : customizable slideshow for pictures
- **Form Ajax** : handler for AJAX forms
- **Modal** : create a modal
- **Input File** : replace the default input file by a more custonizable and cross browser element
- **Input Length Counter** : A nice counter (maxlength) with some cool options to display the number of remaining chars of a field (input / textarea)
- **[YouTube Video Player](youtube)** : Include and control a YouTube Video Player with the YouTube API. Lots of options to customize events triggered by the youtube api.
- **Drag And Drop Image** : Component to manage the drag and drop of an image in a dropzone. The image droped is automaticaly resized at the best ratio of the dropzone (width or height). The image is then shown cropped and can be moved by its height or width.

## How to install dev tools

- install Node.js (http://nodejs.org/)
- install grunt-cli globally: `npm i -g grunt-cli`
- install dev dependencies: `npm i`
- use `grunt` to check your code!

## License

cowboy.js is released under the [MIT License](COPYING).
